README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/CygnusNetworks/nagios-plugin-graylog2.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/CygnusNetworks/nagios-plugin-graylog2)
nagios-plugin-graylog2
======================
An [Graylog2] availability and performance monitoring plugin for Nagios.

[Graylog2]: http://www.graylog2.org

How it works
------------
This plugin works by submitting a REST API request to a local or remote Graylog2 server. Graylog2 server will respond to this API request by default. If yours don't, check that you have configured rest_listen_uri correctly.

This monitoring checks if the graylog2 server is processing data (as reported by the REST API). 
For performance monitoring, the number of data sources, number of recorded messages and the throughput is reported.
Additionally the REST API response time is measured and submitted to nagios as load indicator.


Usage
-----
```
usage: check_graylog2 [-h] [-v] [-u USERNAME] [--password PASSWORD] [-H HOST]
                      [-p PORT] [-s] [--url URL] [-w WARN] [-c CRIT]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -v, --verbose
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        Graylog2 username (default: admin)
  --password PASSWORD   Graylog2 password
  -H HOST, --host HOST  Hostname or network address to probe (default:
                        localhost)
  -p PORT, --port PORT  TCP port to probe (default: 12900)
  -s, --ssl             Connect using ssl
  --url URL             Add a URL prefix (like /api) for proxied Graylog
                        instances, default is no prefix
  -w WARN, --warn WARN  Warning time for response (default: 1.0)
  -c CRIT, --crit CRIT  Critical time for response (default: 2.0)
```

Requirements
------------

- Python 2.7
- nagiosplugin

Commit message:

Update documentation and add installation instructions

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/CygnusNetworks/nagios-plugin-graylog2.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/CygnusNetworks/nagios-plugin-graylog2)
nagios-plugin-graylog2
======================
An [Graylog2] availability and performance monitoring plugin for Nagios.

[Graylog2]: http://www.graylog2.org

#How it works

This plugin works by submitting a REST API request to a local or remote Graylog2 server. Graylog2 server will respond to this API request by default. If yours don't, check that you have configured rest_listen_uri correctly.

This monitoring checks if the graylog2 server is processing data (as reported by the REST API). 
For performance monitoring, the number of data sources, number of recorded messages and the throughput is reported.
Additionally the REST API response time is measured and submitted to nagios as load indicator.

#Installation`

For manual installation please use:

```
python setup.py install
``

If you use a Debian based Distribution, you can also build a Debian package using the provided packaging.

#Usage
```
usage: check_graylog2 [-h] [-v] [-u USERNAME] [--password PASSWORD] [-H HOST]
                      [-p PORT] [-s] [--url URL] [-w WARN] [-c CRIT]

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -v, --verbose
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        Graylog2 username (default: admin)
  --password PASSWORD   Graylog2 password
  -H HOST, --host HOST  Hostname or network address to probe (default:
                        localhost)
  -p PORT, --port PORT  TCP port to probe (default: 12900)
  -s, --ssl             Connect using ssl
  --url URL             Add a URL prefix (like /api) for proxied Graylog
                        instances, default is no prefix
  -w WARN, --warn WARN  Warning time for response (default: 1.0)
  -c CRIT, --crit CRIT  Critical time for response (default: 2.0)
```

#Requirements

- Python 2.7 or Python 3.x
- nagiosplugin
